---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Last Day"
date:   2016-08-16 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Last Day
</header>
August 16th:
I woke up at 6:30am for my last day. Felt sad that my vacation was coming to an end. My friend was continuing onwards with his trip and he was going to visit Mt. Fuji the next day. The tour bus pick up area was located a couple blocks away from where we stayed. We left to go scout. We passed by the same sushi place on the way. That was some good fish. The pick up area was located in a good open-ish space, surrounded by lots of tall corporate buildings.

We had about two hours before the checking out time. We didn't get the chance to explore Yoyogi park as much as we wanted to the other day. I figured that with the time we had left, it should be enough to get more views of the park. We walked down from Shinjuku to the Yoyogi neighbourhood in less than 20mins. The park entrance was obvious and big enough for us to not miss it. It was close to a fire department. This time we took a different path. I was hoping for it to loop around the park back to the entrance. Sure enough, it was the case. We managed to find a big open green space and a colonial looking mansion. We found schoolkids going to said mansion to do some kendo. Parts of the mansion also seems to be a museum. It was early enough in the day that it was yet to be open. There was a small lake nearby full of fishes and small turtles. 

Back at our temporary apartment, I started to get ready to finally lug my luggage around and leave Japan. As per tradition, I took a couple quickshot pictures of our stay before leaving, took the remaining bath supplies cause. The cloud was already starting to fill Tokyo. We left at 9am and planned our last few hours there in Tokyo as we walk away. We dropped by a post office along the way to Shinjuku station. While waiting in the lobby, we found out that our Suica cards were preloaded with money. We had a balance of 1500 yen. Breakfast was pretty much covered for us. We got to the JR ticket room and booked two one way to Narita Airport. We got inside Shinjuku station and we decided to use our Suicas for the first time. I was feeling like sandwiches at the time. I went to a convenient store by one of the exit and  got myself a nice egg salad sandwich along with some riceballs. Cost 800 yen. I also decided to purchase a bottle of sake as a souvenir. 

We ate our meals in the middle of the station right next to a Doutor. I never had the chance to try a Doutor when I was there. We had a decent amount of time left before my ride to the airport. Me and my friend decided to head over "next door" to Shinjuku Mylord. We always passed by it on the way back home but never actually stopped by. Seems like a normal department store to be honest. I remembered a dessert place that was selling pancakes on the lower levels. The escalator system was also a little bit confusing. There were 8 floors. We visited each one of them. We stopped by a stationary to buy a pencil. We also stopped by a bookstore to get another English phrase book. We looked through some of the English TOEIC tests books to remind ourselves to be grateful that we don't have to go through any of this. We explored more and found a stamp station. We could get or win something if we collected all the stamps inside the department store. It was a baseball anime related stamp. Some sort of event/promotion going on. It was near the top floor. We decided not to go through any of it because it seems like a paid event.

It was about noon and we had to part ways and head to the airport. Went back inside Shinjuku, grabbed our luggage, and said goodbye to the friend that was staying longer. Platform 8, car 5, it was pretty hard to find, but we managed to find it with a 10 minute left on the clock. The ride to Chiba was again around an hour long. It rained on the way. We headed to terminal 1 instead of 2. (international) We wanted to visit the Pokemon center at terminal 2 but it was better to just check in right away and not waste any time. 

Checking in and customs were suprisingly quick and pleasant. We had help all the way. They provide us with everything we need from the little zip lock to put liquid based items to just being friendly overall. A very nice change from the US customs. They don't care about anything that we bought. We did some last minute shopping at a tax free shop inside terminal 1. I bought myself two beckoning cats. It was really cheap compared to everything else in that store. 

Two weeks in Japan and I had a blast. Also in the two weeks I was there it was sunny all 13 days, just for me!