---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Three"
date:   2016-08-05 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
language: en
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 3
	</h1>
</header>
<strong>This blog post is detailed and unnecessarily long on purpose.</strong>
Day three and it was our last day in the prefecture. Great sunny weather to start off the day. I'm sure that our bodies were slowly adjusting to the fierce summer heat of Japan. We woke up relatively early and were ready to kick off the day by 7:30am. Though still not enough to catch the 8am train to Hachinohe's central station. Fortunately for us there was a Shinto shrine conveniently built in front of the train station available for us to explore. Half an hour until the next 8:31am train.

Shinto Temple 三嶋神社社務所:
The shrine was completely empty. We figured that the shrine ran completely on trust system; at least that morning. 

<PHOTO 1>
Check out this very cute-sy poster on how to properly use the washing basin. 

We also found an unmanned fortune buying station. Me and my friend bought our first fortunes (in Japan) here. It ended up being more of a charm + fortune attached to it. It cost us 200 yen for two different charms. 

<PHOTO 2>
Small pink conch looking trinket. Says to bring good luck with romantic relationships, YA OK THERE. The second charm was a gold dove pin. What does this say? Who knows. 

Time to leave this place! 


Hachinohe Station:
I accidentally threw about 200 yen down the train bin because the coins were crumpled together with receipts. Or I think I did LOL. 

Usual school kids coming off the train. What was special though, was this JPEG'd to hell flock of seagull billboard at the station. Sadly we didn't get a picture of it.

Anyways, we left to go to Hachinohe central station to buy our JR round trip ticket to Shin-Aomori. Again, no seats together. I assumed that since it was parade day, seats gets booked up real fast. Fourty minutes shinkansen ride later, after passing Lake Towada and the other -"nohe" cities we arrived at Aomori station.


Aomori Station:

Shin-Aomori Station:
The moment we arrived we were welcomed and greeted by high schoolers (青森市立新城中学校). They were giving out little paper ornaments as a welcome gift. There were also JR people all dressed up in their traditional parade costumes (called Hanagasa) for tourists to take pictures with. Actually the whole station was decorated appropriately for the occassion. There was a section full of apple lanterns. I wrote a message on an paper cutout shaped like an apple and stick that bad boy on to the wall nearby. I think I wrote "I love Aomori", ya I know, couldn't think of some edgy.

So first I asked for the high school kids for an ornament. Then we took a couple of pictures with JR people! Completely no regards for the time since I was pretty hyped up by that point. We ended up missing the train to the city central cause of it. I guess it was a blessing in disguise because we needed another activity to do in Aomori. The wait until the next train was about 50 minutes, enough to explore the station. 

Ikubee:
A little side blurb. The prefectures mascot's name is Ikubee and he was everywhere. We saw lots of him at Hachinohe and again that day at Aomori. I wanted some sort of keychain plushie to just remember the time I had there.

So that was the first thing I wanted to do at the station, to find Ikubee stuff. We asked a nearby souvenir shop if they had any Ikubee merchandise. She said we had better chances to go downstairs to the shopping area. So we did. There were a bunch of restaurants and other souvenir shops. Unfortunately none carried anu Ikubee merchandise. The souvenir shop were selling a lot of Nebuta related merchandise like story book and shirts. Also apples, cause Aomori. The capsule toy machines vended out Tohoku bullet train keychains, so cute! 

Ok so far my impression of Japan was intense skin melting heat. We head over to the boarding platform to make sure we don't miss this time. It was outside and it was hoooooot. Initially we waited on the wrong side of the platform. The train to Aomori was local hence it was much smaller than the trains we've boarded so far. If I recall correctly there was only five cars. There was a Japanese family near where we were waiting. One of their kid was wearing this Tohoku bullet train shoes playing with bugs. There was also a plus size lady that my friend almost said the (deb/pza) word, heh. 

Aomori Station:
SHIN AOMORI TO AOMORI Woo finally. Thank gooodness it the ride was only six minutes long because the train was gdamn packed. We walked out and food stalls were everywhere. Kids carrying and selling parade merchs like towels, bell-keychains, and folklore books. The first thing on our itinerary was the fish market for late breakfast. There were school kids handing out cleaning liquid samples along with those paper fans. This is when I learned that English doesn't translate well into Japanese at all. I don't wanna carry anything but the fan so I said in Japanese (what I thought was) fan is ok thinking that she would just hand me over the fan. To her it meant that I want everything else but the fan and proceed to give me everything but the fan. 

Oyaki (おやき):
Along the way to the fish market we passed by a small dessert place that specialized in wheel cakes. I remember the wind was on and off strong and it blew my bill away behind the counter as we were purchasing. We bought all three kinds of flavours they had! Red bean, custard, and fushion filled cake. It was doughy and all around sweet, price and taste wise. 

Furukawa Fish Market and Nokkedon:
We walked the premise like three times before finding the entrance to the Furukawa fish market. I don't think the sign outside have the name Furukawa on them. But nonetheless we didn't get lost and found them before our stomach collapses. This fish market is unique because we can build our own sushi bowl add whatever fresh seafood toppings from the vendors inside. We had the choice of buying a 540 or 1080 yen coupon book containing 5 or 10 tickets respectively. Most toppings (salmon, tuna, salmon roes, and rolled eggs) cost around 1 to 2 tickets each while bigger toppings costs 3 tickets. I wasn't feeling too adventurous that day so I decided to grab the staples. We as a group also got lured into buying scallops with squid, this was on me. I wanted to reject her offer but I'd feel bad. On a happier note, a lady that was selling me salmon gave me an egg on the side when she found out that I was a foreigner. She asked me where I was from and taught me a new word in Japanese おまけ.  

Finding a place to sit was a challenge cause the fish market, no, the whole city was particularly busy that day. We ended up sitting next to an old couple that was finishing their meal. I realized through my sushi bowl that I wasn't too fond of (fresh) seafood. It was pretty good though. The salmon roe reminded me of popping yogurt pearls, but savoury. 

Aspam Park:
We then walked to the city's most famous landmark, the illuminati also known as Aspam Building. Gorgeous, gorgeous view of the bay area and surrounding mountain ranges (Shirakami). Again, barely any clouds, gorg sunny day. Calm ocean water. We only saw a couple of ships nearby, including the Hakkodamaru Museum. We hung out by the park by the building. I felt that we (or I mostly) didn't have enough time to soak around the #views. I'm a big fan of chilling by waterfronts. 

Floats were already parked directly to the side of the building inside big garages. We strolled through and snapped a bunch of pictures. Me and my friend took a picture together wearing fish can hats (no picture). I chose the salmon can hat. I swear the entire building was surrounded by various stalls, merch and food. Anyways we entered the building to cool down.

Aspam Building:
Blessed man. Inside was very much air conditioned and filled with local specialty shops. We managed to find Ikubee mini plushie keychain at one of the souvenir shop. Exactly what I wanted too! (Heres a picture of him). Though he wasn't wearing any hats like how he was advertised. Never seen him in his 'bare' form.

I passed on the bigger 10 inch Ikubee plushie because it was a little bit expensive and it probably would be a huge hassle to bring back home. On the second floor, people were selling dried squid and CD/DVD of the past parade performances. We saw a row of capsule toy machines and played on them. I wanted to get a sunny side up egg keychain, instead I got an egg replica. We made a brief stop at a resting area slash make shift food court nearby. 

Another place we visited was an information centre that I remembered by the name "Ashita wo Omou Mori". I don't actually recall the exact name. This little information centre taught the importance, benefits, and future of renewable and sustainable energy. It was mostly for kids though. They had interactive quizzes and short films. There was also a slanted seat where we can watch projection of two storks travelling through a futuristic city. K. 

We went out from the other entrance to get shaved ice. I bought myself a blue caracao flavour with milk. Learned a couple of new phrases like "ireru". My friends and I sat outside watching this spinny squid drying machine nearby. Way to spread the smell. There was a giant Ikubee mascot with hollowed nose that people can push their face into. A group of three stood nearby and this girl was just like "kowaii".  

Bay Bridge:
We climbed up the bridge and walked west towards the two museums. The sidewalk wasn't narrow so we never felt like we were in danger of getting hit by oncoming traffic. It was a pretty busy bridge. We were blessed again with #views of both the city and the waterfront. We were able to see most of Aomori from up there. 

In between the two museums was a park. I think we decided to go with the park first because it was right in front of us. They had a food court building full of apple inspired food and drinks, including ice cream. This is where I missed out because I was being scared of letting my money go.

Float Museum:
Neat architecture. The whole building was draped with thin twisty red colored beams. Two choices, either pay 600 yen to be able to look at the floats up close and personal or pay nothing and see only some select historical items. I opted to just walk around. In hindsight probably would've been a better experience for everyone if we pay. Nevertheless, it was still an interesting visit. We caught a glimpse of the paid area from the second floor. I was in awe at the float craftmanship afar, the paper seems sturdy and they had a lot of intricacies going on the art side. We also visited a small art gallery at the end of the second floor. They were selling miniature version of the floats for a crap ton of money.

Hakkodamaru:
Next was Hakkodamaru, a (permanently) moored ship converted into a museum. It was also the place where I realized collecting stamps was fun. Sadly I lost the stamps and brochure for Hakkodamaru. We walked through a decent sized hallway from the park before reaching the ship. It cost 500 to enter. 

Standard museum, covers and explains the migration period back over 100 years ago between Hokkaido and Aomori. We were able to explore all parts of the ship. The captain's cabin, machinery floors, deck, 'basemenet' levels. I had fun spying on people near the bay area with the binoculars from the cabin. A cool wedding/proposal idea would be to have a bunch of yo mans line up on the other side and have them hold up some would you marry me shiz, when your partner read the message ya pop up suprise mofof style. With the ring ofcourse. My friend also dropped his lens hood while taking pictures down at the machinery. It fell down to the restricted area, though since no one was around, I gave him the "coast is clear" to go down and pick up. 

After both museums we just chilled by the park with some apple flavoured soda drinks. My friend also tried this thing called vanilla snow ice. Just another way to call finely grated shaved iced. Both were good, the snow ice were especially good texture wise. 

Auga Department Store:
It was hot as hell like how do people even live here. So we decided to cool down by going to the city's department store, just right next to the station. Nothing really special inside other than typos. Lots of typos on the clearance sales posters. We passed by a Osomatsu-san themed shop and cafe. Inside the cafe waiting area was a cover plate saying 'mitemitene'. A poo doll was inside it! On the top floor was Little Harajuku and a pachinko with bunch of photo booth stalls. Lots of stereotypically "Japan" things inside Little Harajuku. I bought a small book called "The First 150 Phrases not Taught in TOEIC". Pachinko was lit, taiko drums, jubeat, and a really weird ring pressing arcade game was there. Lots of girls were lining up for the photobooth. 

Ramen Restaurant: (ラァメンぼーんず)
Now we on the verge of being hangry and need to cure it asap. We went out onto the street contemplating between a typical bento box restaurant and a ramen restaurant. Ramen seems like a nice choice sooo. The restaurant was a small bar style over the counter and fits about seven patrons. A bunch of school kids were leaving/finishing their food as we sat down. The olympic soccer match between Nigeria and Japan was playing on TV but the store owner changed it to some random TV channel. Maybe because Japan was losing. Restaurant owner barely spoke any English and handed us over the English menu. It was google translated and mostly intelligible, but dang some made no sense. I ordered the black sesame oil ramen. It was good but wasn't expecting the seafood based broth. Should anticipated better since the whole prefecture is famous for fresh seafood. My friend had a can of beer with his ramen while the rest of us enjoyed the free cold water with finite refills.

Nebuta Matsuri: Prep
By 6pm, the streets outside were extremely crowded. We went back to iluminati backyard to see if the floats were still there. When we got there the floats were in the process of being dragged on to the streets. I'm guessing each one had a starting location and is to be spaced out from one another. Lots of sponsors and corporate floats mixed in between traditional folklore floats. I left my friends and watched the whole procession from the hill nearby. 

The kids in front of me were talking about some pretty lewd material it was hilarious. No need to speak the language, hand gestures are universal. Half an hour later almost all the floats were out on the streets ready for marching. We picked a parade corner (here). Initially we couldn't find a decent spot to sit and watch but the policemen were clearing the intersections for people to sit. People took their blue tarp business seriously here. Too bad we didn't get a picture of how intense they were. We sat down behind a family near a street light. Their old man was sitting right behind us. Before the parade began, I saw this girl that was selling Nebuta towels with her friends. She was prancing it around wearing it like a cape. I bought a Nebuta towel as a gift for myself. More importantly I actually didn't bring a body towel so it was a good purchase. "Taoru ga ikaga desuka?"

Nebuta Matsuri: Actual Parade
The parade started on time at 7pm. The floats looks really nice when it was all lit up. There was always a corporate float in between the normal ones. The floats gets spun at every intersection. The dancers and band also alternates one after the other. Everyone can join but they must wear wear the full parade costume. The parade costume costs about 30 bucks and comes with a shit ton of bells strapped to it and an oversized headpiece. The people were chanted "rasera rasera rasse rasse rassera" while they dance-marches across. Dancers were just throwing the small bells back to the crowd. 

We saw this jvlogger kanadajin3 standing exactly right behind us dressed in the full parade costume. We didn't say hi and instead my friend managed to get in some weird eye contact with her. Old man was nice enough to give us yakitori to try. I tried having some small talk with him but ended up getting lost in translation. Had to leave early and ended up missing out on the boat fireworks. Got back home pretty late, went to check out universe to stock up on food for the commute.

The train going back home was also super jam packed. It almost felt like it wasn't air conditioned, or was it? This time we caught the last train to Shirogane. It was a nice day and a very nice atmosphere to be at. Overall I really, really like Aomori. Would wanna go back again someday. Theres actually more than just apples there.