---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Two"
date:   2016-08-04 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 2
	</h1>
</header>
Hachinohe: August 4th, 2016
Why?
Smells like the SALTWATER!
Hachinohe Exploration Day. Since the odds were stacked against us while booking the Nebuta Hotels in Aomori, we had to settle with airbnb-ing in Hachinohe. An hour away by bullet train to our actual reason of being in the prefecture. Luckily, Hachinohe also had its own festival during the summer AND around the same time of the Nebuta festival.

Walk to Shirogane Station:
We woke up very early that day, like 6am early. Sun rises very, very early in Japan in the summer. Went to the convenient store to buy breakfast. It was a new experience for me, having a selection of decent food from a convenience store. I decided to buy two tuna rice balls. I'm not sure why they call tuna sea chicken. 

Thanks to the map by family mart aswell as google maps we managed to find the way to the station. The walk cutting through the neighbourhood to Shirogane station was around 20mins. Road was very narrow and clean. Along the way we passed by school kids. I was listening in closely to what they were saying because I was told that people from Aomori have a distinctive accent. But no really, I didn't hear much, probably because I barely know Japanese at the time. 

The neighbourhood had everything people need to survive. Passed by at least two clinics. 

Shirogane station was actually pretty small. Located near a shrine, it consist of one platform and one train track, which is used for both eastbound and westbound trains. There was eight seats divided into two benches of fours. We took the early local train to Same station (鮫駅) to see the seagull shrine and seagull island. We just simply hop on to the train. 

Same Station and Seagull Island:
We had to show our JR passes when we exit the station. Same station is a manned station with several platforms. As soon as we walked out of the station, there was a shark statue where people can go behind and pretend as if they're being eaten by it. To the side was a map of the area mapping all of the sight seeing places nearby. We just had to simply walk up north for about 10mins to reach the seagull shrine and island. The shrine at the seagull island is actually a Shinto shrine called Kabushima. According to Aomori prefecture website, this shrine honours the goddess Benzaiten, which says to bring prosperity. 

The island is actually not a literal island, it was more of a big hill. Surrounding the hill was a park, a beach area, and rocky terrains where people farm kelp. Not a lot of seagulls roosting around that day. However, the ground on the hill were practically littered with bird poo. There was also no tourist around. Near the big red gate, an older Japanese couple asked us to take a picture of them. We thought they were some other Asian denomination. We didn't need to take an umbrella to save ourselves from bird droppings. Went up safely to see the nice clear view of the coastline. I really like the view up there. Seagull statues everywhere in the shrine area. A group of school children were also there with us on a school trip. 

Next, we walked up more north towards the marine centre. It smelled like kelp everywhere around the coast line. Like very strong smell. We were able to see and also could've gone down to the rocks by the coast line where people are drying and farming kelp. I was thirsty and we spotted vending machine across in front of the marine centre. We quickly j-walked and were amazed by the selection. By this time we were still getting used to vending machines. I bought a jelly drink for 160 yen while my friend bought a green tea drink. My drink ended up being half liquid and half unbroken jelly. I didn't read the instruction that says to shake the can for at least 10 seconds to break the jelly apart. It managed to stay cold for quite a while in the extreme heat. We continued walking towards the coastline path.

Unfortunately it was closed so we decided to turn around and walk back to the station. We had about half an hour before the next train. We decided to explore the block around for 15mins. One house was a tarot reading service. Didn't know a small city needed that. At Same station, I used my camera phone to take my first picture in Japan. It was this picture of a wanted poster. The blocked off part thanking everyone for their cooperation. By today, I noticed the prefecture's mascot, Ikubee, being used everywhere. Ikubee is a cute blue fairy that travels from Aomori to Hakodate. I also noticed that he was also painted on the floor as we were entering the station again. Next, we head off to Naganawashiro Station (長苗代駅). We saw what I assumed to be pharmacy called Happy Drug on the way.

Naganowashiro and Fish Market:
Similar to Shirogane station, Naganowashiro was also a one platformer serving both train bounds. From there, we walked for about 20mins towards Hasshoku fish market. We walked by and also cut through a huge rice field. While cutting through, we were suprised by a car that just suddenly appeared right behind us. There was two long streaks of ungrassed patches on the ground. Should've gave away that it wasn't just a pedestrian walkway. I blame google maps for telling us to cut through. 

The fish market was inside this warehouse-y looking building. Aside from fresh seafood, a good variety of things were being sold inside. After giving the place a quick loop around we decided that it was time for lunch. We passed by a conveyer belt sushi called Hasshoku Ichiba Zushi (八食市場寿司) and decided to eat there. I told the server three people and we were ushered away to the raised wooden floor area. The server instructed us to take our shoes off in Japanese, to which I said we don't speak much Japanese. He quickly hand gestured to the shoe locker. We were also given an English menu and instructions. It was my first time eating at a conveyer belt sushi restaurant. I took safe looking sushi. My friend took a sea urchin sushi, he said it tasted horrible. I also took some dessert like pudding and tiramisu. The lunch came out to just under 1000 yen for me. The plates came with chip installed for easy scanning. We paid in the front, no tips. It was wonderful. I took a bunch of free candies but couldn't figure out how to even exit the restaurant. The old man in line tapped me on the shoulder and my friend realized that we needed to press the button on the door. I thought it was one of those sensor doors. The old man laughed and pointed at me as we were leaving. What a nice guy.

I decided that dessert wasn't enough and I wanted to fill my shaved ice cravings. Sure enough, there was a vendor nearby that was selling not just shaved ice but also dipping dots ice cream. I had strawberry flavour shaved ice. 

It was around 1pm and getting really humid. We reapplied our sunscreens outside by the benches. Nearby was a group of old ladies casually smoking. We walked back to Naganawashiro station to go straight to the city centre. Saw a couple of cute road sign paintings on the ground reminding people to look both ways before crossing. We were waiting for a while. My friend managed to sneak in a Skype call back home. The westbound train towards Hon-Hachinohe Station finally came.

Hon-Hachinohe and Downtown Hachinohe:
Shortly after arriving, we gave the station a quick tour around. A lot of people also got off with us. It was the last day of the Hachinohe festival. We grabbed our first summer fan (uchiwa) at the station to fend the heat away. At first I thought that the fan was called sensu. Turns out that sensu refers to the -usually made out of- paper fan that opens up. The city centre wasn't actually that far from the station. It was a straight 10mins walk down to get to the city hall. The festival was to be held in front of the city administration building parking lot. Over there, a lot of people were preparing for the festival for later that night. The city was basically on a city-wide holiday. 

There was a lot of food stalls, on the festival grounds, on the street, and later on we found out that they were actually everywhere that day. One memorable stall that I remember was a street stall selling 'American Long Potatoes'. We zigzagged across the different food stalls before heading towards department store.

We hit up Sakurano, the biggest department store in Hachinohe. Nothing out of the ordinary other than the fact that everything was in Japanese. We had a chat with Kebab stall guy from across the street. He was Turkish and he knew a bunch of different languages, including English, Malaysian, and Cantonese. He said that he knew that much for business purposes. He knew we were foreigners and wanted us to buy their kebabs. No. I j-walked away from him to the 100 yen store. I purchased a coin purse for a friend back home and my friend purchased a two liter water jug. Afterwards, we sat on a street corner and rest up, drank most of the water. By the time we exhausted downtown Hachinohe, it was only around 4pm. We needed to kill around 2 more hours, so we decided to go to a nearby park called Nagane park. There wasn't actually anything special at the park, so we left. We decided to go back to the festival ground and just chill nearby.

On the way back we kept seeing this statue of a furry animal wearing a straw hat. Later on I found out that it was a good luck statue called Tanuki. They were everywhere throughout my trip.

Lucky for us, behind the city hall there was a nice small park that overlooks the city. It was quite a nice sight. They also had ponds that little kids were skipping rocks at. Also some kind of memorial hill that we spent 20mins just resting at. It was around 5pm by then, the crowd started to pour in. More floats were being carried in to the parking lot. A couple of them were already there when we came back. We decided to get some food from the stalls. I had a 500 yen okonomiyaki with mayo BUT with no meat. It was alright. I also had another shaved ice, blue caracao with milk. The guy selling asked us where we were from and we said Canada. As we were leaving he said to us "gracias". Wrong language.

Jazzercise ladies were on stage entertaining festival goers. It was a nice ten minute killer, they were really energetic and some of the energy spilled over to me. It turns out that the festival was simply a display of the floats with presumably school kids chanting very loudly in front of them. There were about 7 - 8 floats and each around 5 meters tall. Each were very colorful and thematically different from one another. The chant was like: Hayare yare yare (fill in). 

Going Home:
We stayed for about an hour, soaking in the atmosphere, took a lot of pictures. By 7pm we decided to go back to the station. I didn't plan well this time and the next train ride was about 45mins away. I remember it being at 7:54. I thought it'd be a good idea that we as a group should just walk back to our airbnb, which was around 1 hour walking distance away. We walked through small neighbourhoods with very narrow and very familiar feel to where I used to live. Crossed a lot of different streets.

Along the way we stopped by a grocery store. We realized that Manpuku owner was right and that everything was significantly cheaper at a grocery store. A two liter bottle of calpis drink was the same price as convenience store's 150 ml bottle. I bought said calpis drink, a microwaveable pizza, and a grapefruit flavoured strongzero cooler. We continued walking and I realized that I was getting very dizzy and perhaps a little drunk from the cooler. My excuse was that I haven't had dinner and I was very tired. Or perhaps I'm just very lightweight. My friend was getting annoyed, sorry! We managed to get home safely, showered, and finally slept before midnight. Oh and also I made those microwaveable corn sprinkled pizza, they were good. 