---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Ten"
date:   2016-08-12 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 10
</header>
August 12th:
One Last Sukiya:
Had to say goodbye to Kyoto today. We were able to afford waking up early to book our tickets to Tokyo. We ate our last meal at Sukiya. I tried their version of curry. The curry is a bit too runny than the ones we had in Osaka. 

Tokyo Station:
We arrived at Tokyo station in the early afternoon. We can only check into our airbnb after 3pm. Conveniently, it seems that most major stations in Japan are built with storage rooms in mind. There was a storage room facility right next to the coin lockers. Too bad that the big coin lockers were all occupied. The ones that are left for us to use are the small 300 - 500 yen ones. We couldn't fit our luggage in there. The storage room costs 600 yen for an entire business day's worth. They will ask for a phone number just incase, but a name is just fine. I told the staff that I'd be back around 3pm. 

Kanda - Kikanbo Ramen:
Before heading to Japan, we saw a blogpost about a ramen place in Kanda that was highly praised for its spicy food. I'm not a big fan of spicy food myself but the blogpost suggests more on the flavour than just spicy. Kanda Station wasn't that far of a walk from Tokyo station so I made Kikanbo ramen place our first destination in Tokyo. Our google map did not sync properly so we had a little trouble trying to find the ramen place. It is across from a convenience store on the road, not on the shopping street. We also ended up waiting at the wrong line up. There are two Kikanbos, one serving soba and the other serving ramen. Good thing we checked after only waiting for about 10mins. We waited for about 30mins before we were seated since it was around late lunch time. Similar to other ramen places or restaurants that we've been to, this one comes with a ticket machine. We bought the ticket to the ramen that we want and handed it off to the waiters as soon as we were seated. The waiter asked us for two different spicy levels. I put both of them to mild.

I ordered a normal spicy ramen with half cooked egg. That blogpost was truthful, probably the best ramen I've had in a while. Broth was extremely thick, good mix of spice, pork chunks that melts in your mouth, and it came with a generous amount of bean sprouts. It was delicious and I highly recommend it for anyone in Tokyo. I didn't finish the broth in the end because it was too thick and a little bit over my spicy capabilities. Akihabara was also closeby, it is the next district away. We crossed the river to get there. We didn't really have anything in mind but exploring. 

Akihabara:
I didn't have any plans in mind other than to explore. We went in different shopping centres. Failing to figure out how to climb up to the top floor of one. Walked past the biggest game or arcade department stores. Lots and lots of faces. Lots of tourists. It was all jumbled up. When we were at a crossing, one tattooed Japanese guy approached us asking for 100 yen. We pretended not to understand him and he left to pester another foreign looking person. We saw a lot of maid cafes. I saw a Bookoff on the way to the district. We spent a good 10mins walking around trying to locate the building with Bookoff. I was eye-ing on getting the English phrase book. We couldn't find the book unfortunately. We also saw a car full of anime decals. Its a sign that we are finally in the big city.

It was way past 3pm, and we needed to check into our airbnb. We ended up the neighbouring blocks for a while before heading back into the station. The Akihabara station is luckily covered under our JR pass.

Shinjuku Apartment: Minami Shinjuku Station
Walking past a railway crossing, we found a small Bookoff tucked on the side of the street. I made a quick trip inside to find that they carried the English phrases book that I was looking for. However, it looked beaten and cost a little less than a new one. We continued onwards with our journey to our airbnb. Walking through the neighbourhood, passing by Minami Shinjuku station, finally reaching this apartment called Adonis. Typical. We followed the video instructions that were kindly provided to us to get the keys inside. Same deal with Kyoto, our room was located at the fourth floor. This time though, we were thoroughly impressed by how well prepared the room was. Not only that it was more spacious than we originally thought, it was packed with goodies and plenty of kitchen and bath supplies. 

Tokyo. Ikebukuro: Sunshine Plaza: Pokemon Centre:
It was still early in the night and Pokemon Centre was not closing for another two hours. I decided it would be good for us as a team to cross it off our list because we don't have much planned around Ikebukuro. 

We got to Ikebukuro around 6:50pm. Sunshine City was quite a walk away from Ikebukuro station. We spent about 5mins trying to locate where it was. Turns out that it wasn't on the first floor, but on the second. The place was much smaller than what I thought it'd be. They had various mega evolved Pokemon statues inside that looked very polished and shiny. We saw the giant Ditto plushies, and other giant Pokemon plushies.

I spent around 5000 yen here. Bought myself an imposter Vaporeon and a cute Jumpluff doll, various pins, mini Mew squishy plush, and a Squirtle keychain. The line was super long. I waited around 30 mins before being able to check everything out. Across from the main store were various Pokemon themed arcades. One Pokemon throwing arcade. The capsule toy machines caught our attention however. We played on two different machines. One machine's prize were 6 different Pokemon with a decoy figure, and the other being a nice lapel pin machine.

I managed to land 3 Cyndaquils in a row before getting a Squirtle. I definitely wanted a Ditto. Felt pretty bummed out, but thats the risk and fun of gacha machines.

Sunshine City Water Performance. 
We stopped by a huge TV monitor hanging above a pond. There was a steampunk-esque looking circuitry submerged inside. We waited a little bit because the monitor suggests that a performance was about to play. The circuitry ended up spewing water that interacted in sync with whatever was playing on the monitor. It was great, made me feel happier that it lasted for a while (maybe around 5mins).

McD Dinner Again:
We found a Mcdonald near where we stayed. They were displaying Moomin plates as their Happy Meal. They also had a 500 yen combo called 'Otegoro Set' that comes with a dollar menu burger, sides (salad/fries), and soft drink. Again, melon soda for me and some random cheeseburger. 

We also stopped by the convenience store to grab some booze to go along with our burgers. Good way to end the night as always. 