---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Nine"
date:   2016-08-11 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 9
</header>
August 11th:
Sukiya:
That day we sat on the same seats at Sukiya again, middle table. That day was the day where I remembered that I wanted to try raw eggs at Sukiya. Something that I wouldn't try back in Canada. I ordered the donburi set with raw egg. The raw egg really made everything creamier and heavy. I remembered it being really filling. 

Booking at Kyoto:
Fireworks at Miyajima was next big thing on our itinerary. We learned that day, since it was obon season, bullet train tickets are usually gone way in advance. There was no seats going to Miyajima from Kyoto as it was completely booked off for the entire day. It was dissapointing, but a good lesson for next time. Always try to book everything way in advance when travelling during the obon season. We went on our day and continued with our plan hiking at Fushimi Inari Shrine. We took the local train to Fushimi Inari station. 

Fushimi Inari:
We arrived near noon. We switched from doing a half hike to a full hike to the top since the trip to Miyajima was cancelled. Had we booked tickets to Miyajima, we wouldn't have been able to do both of the loop, pretty much a blessing in disguise. 

The hiking trail consisted of two main fully paved loops (birds eye view would make it sort of look like an 8), lined up with thousands of red gates varying in sizes. The shrine also takes donations which will be used to build more red gates. The amount of donation corresponds to how big the red gates would be. We could if we wanted to just drift to the woods and wonder off to the wilderness. No street lights so I guess it gets completely pitch black by night time. A lot of restpoints throughout with refreshment and souvenir vendors. The beginning hike was what I expected from a famous tourist destination. We had to shuffle through tons and tons of tourists to get to the first checkpoint. Most of them continuosly stop mid hike to take selfies, which can be very annoying. We passed by some steep hills before reaching the halfway point. We heard cat/fox noises along the way. Thankfully it gets less and less crowded as we get near the top. 

We took a small break at the halfway point. By then, a lot of tourists had given up. Lots of little shops around. One shop that was selling deluxe shaving ice caught our attention. It seems to be a theme that everywhere we went, we were able to see a good highpoint view of city we were in. After resting for around 10 mins, we continued our journey through the second part of the loop. Every couple minutes we would pass a new checkpoint. Sometimes we would pass by little purification shrines and what looked like cemetaries. We stopped at a shack that was selling thin wafers filled with matcha ice cream called monaka. Similar to the Korean fish wafer covered ice cream but with thinner wafer layer. It cost 200 yen. The matcha flavour tasted strong. 

I realized that parts of the trail branches off and loops around the other. We were almost lost once. There were various maps throughout the hike but we weren't able to pinpoint where we were specifically. After some more hiking, we finally managed to reach the top. It took us about 40 mins to an hour to get to the top. We knew that we've reached the top because there are signs. There is a shrine and a cemetary.

Fushimi Inari: Main and Fox Girl
We took a different path down to the entrance. Passing by different checkpoints. We stopped by at two different stores. I bought a nice red mini backpack keychain for 700 yen. The lady puts a shiny 5 yen coin. She said that 5 yen coins are considered lucky in Japan. And at the other shop I bought a nice gold keychain with foxes all over it. They were also selling really nice stamp collecting books with various traditional Japanese motives and patterns. I wanted to buy one but by that time I was running low on yens. We also found out that it is about a 100 yen cheaper to buy it there than at the entrance. 

As we approached the main entrance of the shrine, we noticed that the path was increasingly becoming more and more residential. We passed by a checkpoint with a huge shrine. We decided to sit down and decide our plan for the rest of the day. We could go to Osaka to check out the aquarium, or stay in town to explore other parts of Kyoto.

Down at the entrance/main area, after a quick internal deliberation I decided to buy a fortune. The last three fortunes I bought were pretty sub standard. 17. I received a newer fortune titled "Mukau Daikichi". I asked the fortune clerk and she told me that its about the third highest but not the luckiest one. Quick googling also gave me the similar result; though they only mentioned that it was 'good'.

A girl dressed up a fox-esque dress was buying around 10000 yen worth of souvenirs. My friend wanted to get a picture of her and he waited until she was done with her purchase to take her picture. The rest of us just pretended not to know him. As we were walking back to the station, we noticed that right next to it was a diorama museum. We didn't get a chance to explore it but it'd probably be interesting for next time.

In the future if we decided to ever come back, perhaps a really early run to this place would be better. 4:30am hike?

Kyoto Station Donut Break:
We went back Kyoto station to figure out our next move. The floor above the main lobby had a donut shop. I wanted to get some snack and donuts. We bought a pack of (eight) donut holes, two donuts, and a matcha latte. We counted and the donut hole pack was actually one short of being a pack of eight. We decided to add one more donut. The donuts looked glossy. Everything tasted fine, except for the matcha latte. I absolutely dislike beverages with soy as a milk substitute. I tried my best to finish the drink before eventually giving it to my friend. He didn't like it either. Either it was soy or that they used expired milk. Would not recommend.

Kyoto Station Ramen Break:
We then went upstairs all the way to the 12th floor to one of the ramen chains (find the name) to have lunch. We bought our ramen tickets and waited around half an hour to be seated. We got the bar seats this time. I ordered a thick broth ramen with the seasoned half boiled egg. Things that stood out, aside from the delicious ramen were: that they had a garlic crusher, first time I've ever seen one in a restaurant. Second is that a nice Jpop song was playing at the time called Point of No Return by a band called Chemistry. I realized that the other times we went to eat at a chain, barely any song was playing. A couple other songs played but I couldn't remember the lyrics well enough to find it online. 

Kyoto Station Bookstore:
We found a bookstore down from the main lobby. We also found a nifty 'simple' English phrases book for Japanese people. They had convenient phrases such as 'Hello', 'Can I get a refill?', and 'Do you want to watch porn?'. The book also touches on fun topics that people wouldn't normally converse about when thrown randomly together. I wanted that book but decided to hold off on buying.

Manga Museum:
Gion was a little bit late as it was quickly approaching 4pm. We decided that since the Manga Museum was close to our place, we would check it out. We went back to Karasuma Oike station. We had about an hour and a half for our museum excursion. In front of the museum, people were just chillin, laying down on the fake grass reading their mangas. The admission fee was 800 yen. We each put 100 yen deposit for the lockers. No bags are allowed in. 

In the international translated manga library section, I managed to find a childhood manga that I really like called Puku-Puku. The museum had a manga-styled caricatures for 1000 yen that was booked off for the day. We spent some time playing with the manga making software. Unfortunately I didn't take a picture of my creation. 

The hallways were lined up with mangas sorted by manga artists. I was trying to look for a specific manga from my childhood called Azuki-chan, but we later found out that they do not carry it. There is a small gymnasium sized room that displays mangas through the years. Starting as early as 1930s. We also went to an exhibit, called ()??. I really like the artist's manga style. 

I took a bunch of stamps as we were leaving. They put up a sign saying that the survey papers are not for stamping. They knew that people wouldn't carry extra paper for the stamps. We also checked out their merchandise selections. I bought a postcard. When I was lining up, they had a makeshift queue that was pretty broken. People sort of cut in front of each other. I thought it was my turn to check my postcard out but it wasn't. The cashier girl made a huge X hand gesture. It was pretty bizzare to see.

Mos Burger:
For our final night, we decided to walk to the closest Mos Burger that was actually quite far from our stay. It was located in a five way intersection. On a big street. To the left of it was a Bookoff store and some other electronic store. We ordered our food, given a number, and sat right next to the window. There were five people on the table next to us. We initially thought that it was 4 girls and 1 guy. But as time went by, we quickly realized that it was 3 girls no 2 girls no actually 4 guys and 1 girl. The guys were sporting the very typical Japanese haircut. All dyed. Behind us was a closed off smoking room for smoking customers.

Our dinner finally came, the waiter brought us over our orders. Melon soda combo for me, with some burger. It was a different burger, it didn't taste bad, but the sauce made it a little weird. I felt that I can eat the patty with the sauce with rice. 

We started heading back, passing by a temple. The gates were closed, but it was really dark inside. Pretty sure there are a lot of bugs inside too. On the way to Mos Burger we realized that the Pokemon Centre was nearby. We saw an advertisement with two Pikachus wearing Ho-oh and Lugia costumes. Too bad that it closes at 8pm. 

Convenient Store:
todo

We had been eating burgers for dinner for the last three days in Kyoto. 