---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Four"
date:   2016-08-06 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 4
	</h1>
</header>
August 6th: Hiroshima Lantern Festival.
To Hiroshima:
It was time to say goodbye to our first airbnb place. We had to check out by 9am that day. Satoshi, our airbnb guy, was a little wary when it comes to foreigners using his unit. We decided to put everything back in its place and clean up as well as we could before leaving. Left the keys back inside the mailbox and head our way to the station. We needed to go to Hachinohe station and book our bullet train tickets down south.

It was a busy day that day at the ticket office. We asked for three tickets, Hachinohe to Tokyo, Tokyo to Osaka, Osaka to Hiroshima, and Hiroshima to Osaka. We were told that we couldn't sit together. In fact, the whole train was almost fully booked that my friends could only sit up until Morioka station. They had to stand up from Morioka all the way to Tokyo. I collected a bunch of stamps as we exit the JR office.

Hachinohe to Tokyo took around 3 hours. We pass through a lot of mountains. But we were mostly underground/tunneled most of the time causing our wifi to switch on and off. Tokyo to Osaka took around 3 hours as well. My friend reminded me that I had one week before I get to see Tokyo again. The travel was significantly better this time. Not only that we had wifi all the way there, we were also seated next to each other! I also had the window seat so I get to see the nice sceneries outside. We were ##blessed with ocean sceneries because the bullet train's path was essentially the coastline. We had about an hour layover at Osaka and we were highly against lugging our luggage around. There were no empty coin lockers in Osaka at the time. The luggage room was open up until 8 pm so we weren't able to use that either. 

Hiroshima:
We went ahead to Hiroshima despite not being able to find a place to drop our luggage off. The ride there was about an hour and a half. Thankfully Hiroshima Station came with empty coin lockers. We then took the special red bus that would take us directly in front of the atomic dome building. It was an awful bus ride since that day was a very special day. Normally it would take the bus 15 mins to get to the destination but instead took 40 mins. The place was also extra crowded with tourists. Lined along the dome were peace candles, decorated by local students and volunteers. There were booths selling 600 yen lanterns and 20 yen postcards. Lots of people wanted to float lanterns causing the line to loop dee loop around the park nearby. I'd say at least an hour wait to float your own lantern. Atleast I'll remember the word for lantern from now on.

Some lantern also caught on fire but were always quickly extinguished. We left before sundown to catch our train back to Osaka. We taxied our way back to the station due to the insane traffic. We got in and told the taxi driver "Hiroshima Station". In an attempt to dissolve the awkwardness in the air, I tried making some small with the taxi driver. I said in Japanese "the city was pretty busy" to which he responded with "yeah, every year today". I replied and said I don't understand much Japanese. We continued conversing and he asked me the typical foreigner questions. How long are you here from, where did you guys come from, when did you arrive. He was really surprised when we told him that we had just came from Aomori for the Nebuta Matsuri. He told us that he himself has never been there. Where we are going, how long we are staying, how did I learn Japanese. All while my friends were google translating the conversation real time. Finally we arrived at the station. He wished us a nice trip and farewell. We grabbed our luggage and made our way to Osaka. 

I later learned that the word busy I used was "busy for people". I was trying to say "the city was busy eh?", but instead said "(you) were busy today eh?".

Shin-Osaka:
We arrived at Shin-Osaka and promptly transferred over to Osaka Station. I didn't remember much other than it was still busy. I was feeling very tired from not eating the entire day. We needed to take the local Osaka loop line to Shin Imamiya.  From there it was a ten minute walk away from our Hotel, Hotel Lucky. Lots of stray cats in Osaka too, similar to back home.

Our closest food options were a family mart and a curry restaurant. The lobby lady greeted us and tried to speak in English to us. We paid 4800 for each room. We booked two American and one Japanese styled room. She also tried explaining the rules and accomodation that are available but eventually gave up and let her assistant explain to us. This guy had a pretty strong Spanish accent but spoke English very well. It was the first time hearing Spanish accent in Japanese sentences. We went to our rooms and dropped our stuff. My room was room 206, it was pretty small but had everything I needed. 

Monashi:
We went across the street to check out the curry place. We tried asking if they had take out and they gave us the OK. Instead of choosing from a menu, we had to choose from a ticket machine. I picked a basic cutlet curry with the intention of taking it out. I didn't know then that the dish I ordered wasn't available for take out. The waitress came over, took our ticket and I told her its for takeout. She went over to the ticket machine looking frustrated and came back to refund my money. I learned that day that takeout items are usually noted on the ticketing machine as "Omachikaeri you OK". I just left back home to Skype with friends instead.

We had a communal washing station and washroom on each hotel floor. There is only one shared shower room for the entire hotel, which kinda sucks. Overall that day was a lot of commuting. Fun day and night!