---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Six"
date:   2016-08-08 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 6
	</h1>
</header>
August 8th:
Laundry Morning:
I woke up really early that day to do my laundry. The lobby lady told me that the coin laundry nearby opens at 5:30am. She also said that the coin laundry was near the station's (Doubutsuen Mae) entrance. I had to ask this daunting looking old man at the storage facility for directions. To my surprise he was helpful, and once he noticed that I don't speak Japanese, he just simply lead the way there. With his simplified Japanese now he said, tsugi tsugi tsugi. Thanks to him I did all my laundry that day. Both the dryer and washer had one option, hot only. The washer cost 300 yen and 100 yen will got me 10 mins on the dryer. 

Nara:
We took the local train to Nara. Nara station was quite big. They had also prepared a lot of information in English since its a popular tourist destination. The prefecture's mascot was a deer-boy hybird and he was all over the pamphlet and map. There was a small red gate outside of the station. From there, we walked about 15 to 20 mins before we started seeing deers. Along the way we passed by a Lawson (in which) we bought our breakfast from. Right before the deer park we passed by a smaller shrine area that includes a 5 stories pagoda. And then the deer park. It was a block full of deers. On each corner of the block you can find grannies that sells deer cookies. (150 yen) After taking some pictures and selfies with the deer, we crossed the street, continuing our way to Todaiji. I bought a matcha flavoured shaved ice to try to combat the heat. There were still some deers along the way and we knew that they could be aggresive. As we were waiting for my shaved ice, a deer sneaked up behind a man that was taking a picture and snatched his JR pass that he was wearing around his neck.

Todaiji:
The shrine grounds were completely packed. Lots of mainland Chinese tourists. It cost 1000 yen to enter the shrine. Gigantic statues were on each side of the outer gate. There were not a single deer inside Todaiji. I wanted to burn some incense that was overlooking the park and pathway towards the shrine. The shrine itself was massive. And as soon as we entered, we were greeted by the giant gold Buddha. There were also other equally ginormous statues inside the shrine. There was one of rat holes on one of the pillars where tourists were lining up to enter and take pictures. Souvenir and fortune shops can also be found inside. We could also make a donation of 1000+ yen to write your name on the heavy cement roof tiles. I assumed that the tiles are to be used for renovations in other parts of the shrine. The exit were also lined up with souvenir shops. Merchandise with the iconic Buddha dear can also be found here. I only bought a fortune there.

(Small pond/lake, there was turtle swimming in it).

Coco Curry:
It was around noon by then. I remember that there was a Coco curry on the way back to the station. We initially wanted to eat at another place that was also along the way back but it was closed that day. We were seated right at the entrance, a seating on a corner that fits exactly 3 people. I ordered the cheese filled hamburger patty. The curry sauce was weaker than I expected, it was runny. The hamburg steak was also nothing special. The cheese was good tho. We just needed energy to walk more for the rest of the day. It was still early in the day by the time we finished our food so we decided to enter one of the Pachinko nearby. It wasn't crowded as all the school kids were still in school at the time. It was loud due to the amount of arcade machines that exist there. All the game prizes were mostly anime-themed. My friend decided to play one of the UFO crane machines to try and win one of those VR goggles. He failed all 6 tries. 

Osaka:
That day was our last day in Osaka and we have yet to explore the city. We decided to head over to downtown Osaka, to Namba station, to explore the famous Dotomburi. We arrived in between 3 - 4pm and the sun was already starting to set. We walked about 10mins north to go into the inner Dotomburi city block. The streets leading towards it were huge. We finally got there, iconic bridge with the huge Glico-man sign. We wondered and explored around. We got to see the giant crab display, the blowfish restaurant, lots of fancy eateries. We saw a lot of souvenir shops and lots of shopping streets. In front of Forever 21, there is a spot where I was standing and every 10 mins it will have me on the huge screen attached to Tsutaya Ebisubashi. It was crowded the two times we walked by but I managed to get a really awkward shot of myself from the screen. We walked as far north to Shinsaibashi. There were too many shops and stores that everything kind of blurred together in my memory. 

We stopped by multiple souvenir shops before me settling to buy two Osaka phrases pins and the Osaka man mascot, cui-daore, and Dotomburi's famous blowfish keychains. We also visited a Bookoff to find a lot of cheap Kpop CDs. It was around time for a quick late lunch so we head over to Ichiran ramen. They specialize in tonkotsu ramens. We bought our ramen from the ticket machine, filled out the desired broth consistencies and noodle textures, and we went up to the fourth floor to be seated. My noodles were skinny and al dente, broth were thick and rich in flavour. It was one of the better ramen places I've been to. My dish was a simple chaasu ramen with two pieces of pork. It cost 900 yen. 

Host clubs can also be found not far from the Glico sign. We wondered a little far and found an entire street of host clubs. That was the signal for us to turn back. We enjoyed sunset from the bridge. We were able to see two ladies on one of the stores swaying back and forth as they try to wave the sale signs. Like why not just create a machine to do it? We headed to Mcdonalds to try long ice cream cone. It was cheap, for 200 yen you get a long ice cream cone! We went back to the bridge to soak in more of the river and sunset scene. Thats when we noticed that a performance was about to start on the other side of the river. We head down to see five school girls emerged out from the tent. They started singing and dancing. They had quite the crowd from both sides of the river, so they must be some kind of idol.Even people on the tour boat were watching and recording. Some fans (a guy in front of us) was especially enthusiastic. I think he lost it. Afterwards, a nine teenage girl group act. I think they were called E-girls and they had significantly more followings. The crowd was going really wild so we decided to leave. 

Toilets are by the bridge. + 

Didn't have any fried and dough-y food when we were there, which was kinda a shame. For next time!

I also bought a Fennekin keychain that day, but don't remember when.
I slept early that night in preparation for the commute tomorrow.