---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Seven"
date:   2016-08-09 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 7
</header>
 August 9th:
ye Osaka!
Had to say goodbye to Osaka, Hotel Lucky, and the lovely lobby lady that day. Can't believe she tried to return my friend's half empty apple juice bottle. We had our final breakfast at Munashi. This time I had the deluxe set that comes with a lot of meat. It cost 890 yen. Then we took the local train to Kyoto from Osaka. Everytime I say local train I meant non-bullet train. 

Kyoto Station:
Similar deal to when we went to Hiroshima, we want to avoid lugging our stuff around. Thankfully there was a storage room two flights down from the station lobby. Kyoto station was huge and its partially unroofed. Sections of the building is completely exposed to the weather. Not sure how it is in winter or rainy days. There is a continuos set of escalators that brought us ten floors up. On the early floors there was small coffee and donut shop. Back to the storage room. We were required to pay 420 yen for an entire business day (till 8pm) worth of storage-ing. Afterwards we make  our way to buy the Kyoto bus day pass. The day pass only covers Kyoto's inner city buses. 

Ginkakuji Street & Commuting:
From there we took the 100 bus all the way to Ginkakuji shrine aka the silver pavillion. The lines for the buses were all ridiculously long at the time. Makes sense for peak tourist season. The only comforting thing waiting in line was the constant water sprinkler. It was early in the hot morning. The commute to Ginkakuji wasn't the quickest, though it was much more pleasant as we managed to get a seat inside. We were dropped off at the edge of the street to Ginkakuji. I bought ramune flavoured 'ice cream' that was definitely not cream based. It had similar consistency to 7/11 slurpee and bits of ramune candy inside. It was refreshing. We walked up to see the rest of the stores along the way opening up.

Ginkakuji: 500 yen
Inside was a nice Japanese styled garden loop that took us around the premises and up the hill. Few shrines, nice pond and streams all around. It was very relaxing. We had a nice view of the temple with Kyoto in the background.

Philosopher's Path:
Next, we took the Philosopher's path down to wherever it would take us. We found a handmade souvenir store, people selling veggies via scout trust system, an old gramps selling his artworks on the side, and a little cat "shrine" napping area along the way. 

Philosopher's Path Souvenir Shop:
We visited the frog themed handmade souvenir shop. Immediately we noticed paper crafts. Big peeking cats, well not so big, but almost very fragile to bring home. I bought a small blue dotted peeking-cat charm, almost an inch tall, said to bring luck with my job searches. There were a couple other cats to choose from but this one was most relevant to me at the time! My friend bought a bunch of prefecture-themed plates as souvenirs. Aomori, Nara, Kyoto. The cashier guy asked my friend which prefectures we had visited so far. We replied with Nara, Kyoto, Osaka just in the last week. He seemed thoroughly impressed and thanked us for visiting Japan.

Philosopher's Path Cat Shrine:
We also made a pitstop at the cat shrine. There were four cats sleeping around. There were stairs leading to local homes that was blocked off. A sign saying to not feed the cats any kind of human food. There was also an old miniature bike turned cat's resting bed. To the right, no trees, big open ledge. It was a nice place to just stop and enjoy the cats as well as the scenery. We found lots of cicadas resting on the trees.

Kyoto Style Okonomiyaki:
At the end of the walk/trail we were getting pretty hungry. There were a bunch of local food places around. We found a mom and pop style okonomiyaki restaurant. We knocked because we thought it was closed. An old gramma walked out telling us to wait for a little bit. We weren't sure why because we can clearly see three empty tables. They had two occupied table booths, one normal table, and two sit in style tables. All the tables came with a grill. We were seated in the middle. We ordered a pork, beef, and pork 'chowmein' okonomiyakis. The lady there offered us fans to fan the heat away. Thats when I learned that those fans are called 'uchiwa' not 'sensu'. 

She also thought that we were from Taiwan. She awkwardly introduced us to the other patrons, a family or colleagues from the Netherlands and a couple from Greece. She cooked the pancakes for us and told us that all of the okonomiyaki here are Kyoto style. I asked her to clarify on what makes an okonomiyaki Kyoto style. She told us that they lack mayonaisse and are not made with dashi broth. She asked us if we'd like some mayonaisse on the pancakes. We left and she wished us a safe trip. (Sayonara ki o tsukete). 

Shorein:
Our original plan after was to explore around, go to a quieter shrine called Shorein, and go back to the station to check into our airbnb. After cutting through the neighbourhood we finally found the shrine. It was similar to the one we went to in the morning. We had to carry our shoes inside because we want to explore the garden loop. They also had a nice Japanese styled terrace complete with the bamboo mat where people can just hang out and enjoy the peacefulness of the garden. A lot of people were napping and reading their books. Parts of the shrine had strict English 'no cameras allowed' signs yet some tourist decided that it was ok to do exactly what was asked not to. The best part of the whole shrine was that there were fewer tourists around. I didn't get a chance to take a good look but they were also selling some shrine related goodies. We left to go to down the hill bus to catch our bus back.

Bus Wait Caution:
Around five buses passed by us and all were full to the rear. We didn't wait that long, only about 15 - 20mins, before we decided to not waste any more time and walk to Kiyomizudera instead. I bought a drink at a nearby vending machine and off we went. The walk was about half an hour, passing through a narrow street with a river in between the two lanes. The road were super packed as well, as it was around rush hour. It seems to be the common theme for shrines in Kyoto to be up a hill or at a higher ground. The street leading to Kiyomizudera were full of souvenir shops and tourists.

Kiyomizudera:
There was a big red gate that marks the start of the shrine ground. Similarly as massive as Todaiji. The whole area was surrounded by trees. 

The first thing that caught my eyes was the sword in the stone-esque landmark, except it was two big staffs. People were capable of lifting the smaller staff. The bigger staff however, seems to be infinitely heavier than the smaller one. It is said that the person that is able to lift the heavier one to be the guardian of the city. My friends tried lifting as a group of two and they still failed. 

We also bought fortunes there. This time we got to shake the box filled with numbered sticks instead of just grabbing a fortune from a box. I tried asking the fortune lady what my fortune meant. She had that dealt with tourists by the thousands daily kinda look. She had probably seen all kinds of tourists.

We were once again able to get a nice view of the city from the ledge. It was around sunset so it was prettier. We walked down the hill to check out other stuff in the shrine ground. We found a separate smaller pavilion up another hill, nothing really stood out there. There was a paved road behind that seems to lead to a neighbourhood. 

Nearby the pavilion was a huge purification shrine. Water was pouring from the top of the shrine from three bamboo gutters. People were lining up to use the shrine. They were doing all kinds of thing. Some people drank from the wooden ladle, some filled up their water bottles, some were actually doing the purification rite. Due to popularity instead of putting the laddles on the side or to the side, the wooden ladles were placed back into a UV rayed ladle holder after every single use. 

It was around the time of closing, as announced over the PA. We walked to the main entrance and down the same street. Passing by a veranda and a couple of fish ponds. A drink called Bikkle grabbed my attention so I decided to buy it from a vending machine. To me it tasted exactly like any other yogurt drink, but it satisfied my curiousity so it was well 140 yen worth it. 

Taxi to Airbnb:
There was a never ending traffic jam that day. We decided to want no hassle going back and hail a taxi back to the station. In the end, we didn't really use our day pass, which was wasteful. We got back to the station, grabbed our luggage, and head downstairs for some Lotteria dinner. We almost got lost trying to find it though. I got myself a cheeseburger set combo with fries and pop. We also gave the underground path a little tour around to see if there are any unique shops. 

*nitori? which city was nitori*

Airbnb:
Our airbnb place was located at Karasuma Oike station which was very close to the Manga Museum. The street that we passed by had a good variety of interesting things. A wide variety of food choices, Vietnamese, Indian. A bar, a post office, a mom and pop coffee shop, and a Sukiya. Most of which we ended up going to on a later day. Our room were located in a small apartment on the fourth floor. Some elbow grease were needed on the first and last days due to the lack of elevator in the building. Our room this time matches with what I know about Japanese styled apartments, small and compact. We ended the night with our lotteria meal. I also get to try my Sakura drink, which was nice!

The room also had an etiquette sign on the door that said "PARTY BAN" in four different language.