---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Eight"
date:   2016-08-10 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 8
</header>
August 10th:
We planned to go see the mountain monkeys. 

Sukiya Breakfast:
We woke up early and went straight over to Sukiya, our new breakfast place. Its a pretty common fastfood joint in Japan. The waiter was kind enough to bring us the English menu. They mostly serve donburis. They also had a Crayon Shinchan summer toy as a kids meal toy at the time. I ordered a classic medium sized donburi combo. They had five different sizes we could choose from, all ending in -moris. The combo includes a small oyster miso and plain salad. All were pretty bland but the salad in particular was saved by the bombastic sesame peanut dressing. 

Arashiyama District: 
(and connected our commute with a bus that took us to the) The bus ride took around 15 - 20mins. It was a more pleasant ride this time around. 

We took the local train straight to a station near Arashiyama district. We were a short walk away from the scenic Togetsukyo bridge. Similar to every other touristy district in Japan, this street leading to the bridge were full of souvenir stores, food places, and other goodies. It was early-ish cloudy morning. 

Togetsukyo Bridge:
The scene were amazing. The mountain range in the background was fully green, windows wallpaper worthy. The bridge looked very old and wooden. It had two fully paved lanes, but in general the streets in the area were pretty well maintained. We saw an old man on a motorcycle-car hybrid vehicle, but it was too late for me to take out my camera. We stopped by the washroom close to the river and soaked in more of the scenery. The river was clean, depthless. Not that many boats operating at the time.
 
Arashiyama Monkey Park:
The entrance to the monkey park was closeby. The entrance fee cost 500 yen. I was advised to hide any loose articles and belongings before hiking. The monkeys like to pick on those. There were around three benches along the way up. Some parts of the road were very narrow. Halfway to the top, there is a resting place with cooling fans and a short quiz to the side about monkey facts. Some of the monkeys travel down and can be found on the way to the top too. We saw two on the road near the park. We walked past the kids area, complete with a playground, swings, and a metal slide before reaching the main park. It was a 20mins hike to the top of the mountain.

It was a beautiful nice sunny day by then. We were blessed with another really nice view of the city. Lots and lots of trees surrounding Kyoto and not that many high rises. Behind was a little pond for the monkeys to swim and play in. It was a little dirty though. A couple of monkeys were just swimming around in it. To the back was a little more hike and more trees.

Arashiyama Monkey Park: Feeding Shack
Afterwards we went into the famous feeding shack. No monkeys are allowed inside. The staffs were friendly, one was willing to chat with me. We talked about the Kyoto's winter time and how it gets a couple inches of snow every year. We were handed a cold towel wipe before entering. Monkey snacks were available for purchase inside. A peanut and apple slices stash cost 100 yen. We bought a pack of peanuts to feed the monkeys. A pack contained more than enough for three people to get a go at feeding a monkey so we had enough to share with other monkey park goers. We gave some to a family of three and the rest of the nuts to this couple that wanted to feed them. I also bought a monkey keychain named Saruru. Finally as we were leaving, I took a stamp for myself from the monkey park with the paper provided there. This was around the time where I started to regret not collecting stamps earlier in the trip. 

Outside, I noticed that the same staff used a spider toy to discipline a misbehaving monkey. She kept it near her. She told me that the monkeys are scared of spider, and to a certain extent snakes. I asked about a particular monkey's age and she knew him by name, which was impressive. Lastly she suggested for us to visit the small hiking area behind the shack to check for napping monkeys. They're usually at the top of trees. To our dissapointment, there were no monkeys sleeping at the top of the tree. However, we did see a couple of monkeys freely having sex on the roof of the shack. We left. Going downhill was significantly more pleasant. 

Oi River Cruise:
Back at the entrance now, we were wondering what activity we should do next. It was around noon and we saw a lot of boats out in the river. Nearby was a boat cruising service office. We head over and booked ourselves a 1km boat ride up and down the Oi river. The ride cost 4800 for three people. We went on straight away. The boat itself was huge and it fits six people comfortably. It was manned by a single person. We sat on top of a bamboo mat. It was scorching hot and our guy didn't even break a sweat. The boat ride was pleasant, very smooth, relaxing, and comfortable. We were visited by a motorized snack boat selling various sweets. They had sweet dangos and other traditional Japanese snacks. Our guy said that the river was around four meters in depth on average. We had the option to dock back near the office or on the other side. We opted to dock as quickly as possible on the other side because its closer to all of the food places.  The river were getting more crowded by then. Lots of people, especially school kids were on small boats shouting to each other.

Karaage Teishoku at 三日月 and Fusion Ice Cream:
We walked around to window shop for foods. A restaurant called Mikkatsuki caught our attention with a nice display of yakisoba. It wasn't a particularly busy restaurant, but it was around lunch hour. I ordered a fried chicken karaage set while the rest of the group ordered the yakisoba set. We were told that food will arrive in about 20mins. I got to relearn the verb 'to wait' in Japanese. In reality, it actually took a little longer than that. My set came with pickled ume, miso soup, and lemon. My karaage was great and fresh though nothing special. Likewise with the yakisoba that I got to try. (teishoku, kakarimasu)

As with every meal in Japan so far, no meal felt complete without a dessert. Across from where we were was a small ice cream vendor. They had kiwi flavoured ice cream which was something I've never seen before. I decided to get the strawberry vanilla fusion though because I wasn't a fan of kiwi in general. The strawberry flavour felt real and refreshing. We can see that it was made from a real strawberry due to the seeds. 

Bamboo Forest:
Our next destination was the famous bamboo forest. We walked for about 20mins before arriving at the start of the forest. The bamboo trees were really high that it shaded the whole walk. The whole area was very calm, serene. Though there was a lot of people, it was still relatively quiet. There was a small shrine inside the forest with a special rock that people rub. Part of the stone was really shiny due to the constant rubbing. We took a small break near a T-intersection. One of the ways made a fork, one that leads towards the scenic station and another with a booth at the start that we weren't sure of. We passed the said scenic station and made another quick break before walking towards the station. We took the train back to Kyoto station.

I had a nice relaxing walk at both locations. I believe that we made a good decision on where to go first.

Kyoto Yodobashi:
We went straight towards Yodobashi upon arrival at Kyoto station. Each floor offered a different selection of things. We spent a lot of time on the second floor where they had games. Lots of Yokai-watch merchandise. One corner of the floor dedicated solely to capsule toys and some mini arcade machines. I found a cute fan that was left behind on a bench. I decided to bring it with me. I was meaning to throw it out at some time before the trip ends but ended up bringing it all the way back to Canada. Another interesting thing that we saw on another floor was a handle-less refrigerator where you can open from both sides.

Kyoto Neighbourhood:
We walked around the neighbourhood to wait for the sun to start setting. We passed by a restaurant that I vaguely remembered as tomato that claimed to be one of the best in Kyoto. It was closed however. Passed by a couple of big intersections. I finally realized how convenient the bridges on the crossing are.

Kyoto Tower:
After walking for a couple blocks we decided that its time to check out Kyoto Tower. It had a self serve ticket buying option for the observatory room. Even though it wasn't very tall, we were able to see a good panoramic view of Kyoto. We saw parts of Osaka, Kiyumizudera, the giant Buddha statue at Kiyumizudera, and lots more. The tower's mascot, Tawawa-chan, was everywhere in the observatory. Merchandise, memoribilia coins and medal, Tawawa fortunes, they even built a shrine where you can pray to Tawawa. 

We stayed a little longer at the tower to watch the sky going from orange to black. Played a little game of I spy to pass the time. As we were exiting, we were caught by one of those photo tourist traps. They lured me us in with 'free photo sample'. They told us if we liked how the picture turn out, then we can buy the full sized photo for 1100 yen. We took a picture as a group with Tawawa and Kyoto tower plushie. We then wait around five minutes for our photos to print. The sample photo turned out to be much, much smaller than what we were expecting. The full size photo had a nice cherry blossom border, the date, and other little decorations. It was a good photo so I bite the bullet and bought it. Was really glad that I did. Memories last forever so why not. 

On the way down we noticed that there was a public bath in the lower levels of the building. We got dropped off in front on the merchandise section of the building. Bought myself a small beanbag plushie of Tawawa. The cashier girl gave everyone that bought something a nice pin. I asked for the red one!

Family Mart and End of Day:
We ended the night by grabbing a Mcdonalds dinner. I had a melon soda float combo with a cheeseburger, or rather the other way around, a cheeseburger combo with melon soda float. I wanted just the soda when I ordered but can't complain about the extra ice cream. My friends learned how to operate the washing machine for the first time that night. Japanese washing machine came with tons of options and settings (settings here). I decided to wash my clothes on the softest setting. 

**
? Alcohol, toy card. I wanted more food to eat with my Sakura sake. There was a family mart not far from where we were. 
Onigiri stand. Omocha. How do I get these cards? Can I just take it? 

The next morning, power rangers gone.

**

Another good way to end the night.

***
Kyoto. Yodobashi. Kyoto Tower. Bamboo forest.  (ice cream)
Which bus did I take there?

Victory set meal Mcdonalds in Kyoto.

(Passed by the best tomato restaurant in Kyoto)