---
layout: post
title:  "Japan First Day"
date:   2016-08-03 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 1
	</h1>
</header>

Toronto to Narita, Tokyo to Hachinohe
August 2nd, 2016 : Tokyo -> Hachinohe: August 3rd, 2016
Leaving Toronto and Tips From Friends:
We spent an entire day traveling from Toronto to Hachinohe. Transferred at O'Hare International, then after an hour wait, we finally embarked on a twelve hours flight to Narita. Two days before going, the owner of Manpuku gave us two tips to survive Japan. The most important one they told us was to be smart with our money at the convenient store. She didn't exactly explain why, just a warning. In addition to the very special tip is to stay hydrated throughout the trip. Japan's summer is known to be notoriously hot and humid, says Google. 

Narita Customs and Immigration:
We reached Narita at one in the afternoon. We felt the humidity as soon as we stepped out of the airplane cabin. It was barely crowded. We head straight to customs and imigrations. Small lineups everywhere. Even though some old grumpy airport officers were still around directing us on where to go, customs and immigration were tenfold smoother and quicker. The customs sheet had ask us for an address in Japan. We gave away our hotel address in Osaka just to be safe. Don't wanna give that airbnb away. Our pocket wifi box and JR pass activations were served in terminal 2, but international destinations dropped us of at terminal 1 instead. After being reunited with our luggage, we took the bus shuttle to the other terminal. Bus had announcements in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean. Was pretty cloudy that day. My friend was especially excited.

Arriving at Terminal 2:
Terminal 2 was huge, lots of stores and restaurants inside, basically a mall. I broke my first Japanese bill buying a 72 hour Tokyo metro pass. I asked the lady for one 72 hours pass, but she mistakenly thought that I wanted 72 passes instead. Afterwards we were spotted and identified by students from local university as foreigners. After learning that we arrived from Canada, they began interviewing my friends about customary differences between Canada and Japan. They asked about "Canada's rock paper scissors", (little) did they know that it is the same. They brought a cane-chair hybrid chain and asked what it is and if its weird. They then asked if we were willing to stand or sit on it. We didn't catch their school name.

We went downstairs to go find the post office, which carried our wifi box. Internet is the most important thing at the moment because it gave us access to Google maps. We took a small stroll around the mall. I was just trying to take everything in, its been a long time since a vacation for me. We were learning Japanese packaging and getting used to Japanese being spoken all around. We came across a mini Pokemon centre. They were selling uniformed Pikachus and big Ditto beanbag plushie. 

Next, to the JR pass office. We left our luggage outside the office, it felt relatively safe at the time. We filled out a basic form, lined up, and redeemed our passes at once. We had to show our passport to confirm the JR activation dates. We requested our first two tickets there. Narita to Tokyo and Tokyo to Hachinohe. We waited at the terminal 2-3 subway station. Had my first Skype conversation with a friend back home there. It was 3am back in Toronto then. The Narita Express train finally came after a short wait. My seat was 9A which was the window seat. It was occupied by a girl, but I initially thought that 9A was the isle seat, so everything worked out. 

Arriving in Tokyo:
We reached Tokyo station in the late afternoon. Our next train ride up north was about two hours away. Plenty of time to explore the station. Memorable stores that I could remember were Tokyo Banana, a convenience store, and two bento stores. The station employees were pretty decent at English. Learning a new currency again. We head over to the convenience store with the Suica logo hanging above. Got up the courage to use my broken Japanese to ask the store clerk if and where they sell Suica cards. She said yes we could buy it on the left side. It cost us 2000 yen for a card. 

After looping around, we decided to pack meal for our three hour commute up north. I bought this small chicken cutlet bento box. We left the station around 6pm. Little did we know, our bullet train, Tohoku Shinkansen, was apparently the fastest they have in stock. We weren't seated together, tho we were pretty close to each other. <strike>Learned</strike> reminded that polite train etiquette exists. Excuse me were thrown around constantly. People say this when they are adjusting their seats. They also made sure to look back to double check. Even when this lady thought that I was sitting in her seat, she confronted me in the nicest manner possible. My friend that was seated quite far away checked on me from time to time. 

Arriving in Hachinohe:
By the time we arrived there, the local JR line (to Shirogane) had already ended. There were a couple foreigners in the station with us. Presumably there for the Aomori Nebuta festival. We went outside and took the cab to our airbnb place. Our cab driver spoke very basic English. My friend showed him our destination through google maps. He locked on the destination on his own dashboard. We passed by Swag hair salloon on the way (https://salonlist.jp/salon/22323/), swag. Arrived at around 10pm in this sketchy neighbourhood with no lights on. It was clear that we weren't lead to the right location. 

I was supposed to contact Satoshi, our Airbnb man, to let him know that we were on the way. We gave a rough estimate of 9pm as our arrival time. I contacted him as soon as we arrived at our original location. He was wondering where we were. Several google translated conversations later, we finally understood him. He directed us to go to the nearest familymart one block down. He said that our building is on the north side. He speaks very little English and we had to bust our Google translate to make sense of what he was saying. It took us around half an hour to finally arrive at the building. He made sure to repeat himself twice about being quiet while on the premises. 

Key was inside the mailbox. Our room was way better than expected. It was spacious, perfect for three people. Location wise couldn't complain about. Conveniently across a family mart and behind Universe grocery store. About 20 mins walk from the closest JR station Shirogane. The only minor downside was it being on the second floor. He supplied us with plenty of beds, a table, blankets, and lots of towels. We showered, played two rounds of Machi Koro, then promptly went to sleep.