---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Thirteen"
date:   2016-08-15 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 13
</header>
August 15th:
Woke up really early. 

Tsuta:
Tsuta Michelin Star (closed during Obon season).
Asked a old guy and a middle-aged looking women that was walking. She was kind enough to drag us all the way. She also wished us "fun". 

These two Asian Americans that got off at the same station had basically no chill. We noticed that they were also looking for the same restaurant. Me not wanting to lose my position in line to these people, started to up my walking speed to get ahead. They noticed and responded by running. 
We all lost. 

Asakusa:
Old Japan

Breakfast near Asakusa station. Don Katsu! 



Kaminarimon - Sensoji:
We were lucky enough to barely miss the tourist rush. 


Rickshaw People:

Nakano Again:

*Yoyogi*

Mount Fuji Climbing Gear:
*Mosquito Thing*

Birthday cat souvenir. 
A small hole in the wall souvenir store. Immediately hanging on the wall were birthday cats. The cats all varies in color, expression, and fortune. I bought a total of six cats. Had a small talk with the clerk. Originally I only bought four, but I decided that these cats are pretty personalized. 

Chinese tourist flocking Sensoji temple.

Melon Pan Store:
After some google-ing we located the famous Melon Pan store. I almost cave in and buy a random melon bread from a random store. 

I bought three melon breads for my friend back home and one bread for myself stuffed with vanilla ice cream. The melon bread is 





Canada pin from Harajuku
Back to Harajuku. I needed an extra backpack to carry all my merchandise back home safely. United and Air Canada allows up to two carry ons, neat.

Bag

Mcdonald shrine

Itamae Sushi:
We went to a place called Itamae Sushi near where we stayed in Shinjuku. The place was empty around 5pm and we were able to get a seat for the three of us hassle free. We didn't sit at the bar but the chefs are still within eyeshot. We were assisted in English the whole time by one waiter. 

We ordered sushi to share. I honestly can't tell that much about what makes a good sushi. It was certainly not bad, but I have no basis as to whats good. Another thing that stood out is that the fish was warm. It wasn't cold like how we have it back home. One of the chef came by to take our first plate away. He recycled the ginger, laughed, and he asked my friend if he likes ginger. My friend said no and he "heeeee"'d away. 

We ordered a plate of California Roll. To our surprise, each sushi was huge. It was not bite size, two bites minimum. The salmon center wrapped with a very thick layer of rice with some sesame sprinkled on top. Not bad at all though overall, I really enjoyed it. My friend tried to say "gochisousama-deshita" as a mean to get the bill ready for us. It didn't work so we asked for the bill the usual way.

I waved goodbye to the sushi chef and he waved back. Later out I learned that 'itamae' means chef. Literal translation is "in front of the cutting board". 

Yoyogi Park

Last Night in Shinjuku:
Walked around for 2 hours.

Card doesn't work.

That shrine. 
Lined up with shopping.

