---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Twelve"
date:   2016-08-14 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 12
</header>
August 14th:
We started the day by skipping breakfast and going straight to Nakano. After arriving at Nakano station, we walked along a roofed shopping street and then inside the Nakano Broadway. We passed by many restaurants and shops but did not stop at any, yet. We were on a mission to find the 8-tiered ice cream parlor. I saw them online and wanted to give it a try. 

Don Katsu at () Katsu Joint:
We agreed to eat at a cutlet joint right before the entrance to Nakano Broadway for breakfast. We were seated at a counter with other patrons. Most of the people eating were working men. They also had an extra floor but we didn't get to check what was upstairs. We ordered chicken cutlet. Nothing really stood out about this place other than the fact that it took awhile for us to get our water refilled. We got our bills and paid near the entrance. 

Nakano Icecream:
The ice cream place was a little difficult for us to find. Mostly because we had forgotten that it was located in the basement. We spent a good fifteen minutes trying to figure out the map and wandering between floors. The moment we went down to the basement we saw the ice cream place. It didn't just serve ice cream, but it also served ramen. They were really famous for their ice cream so all of their achievements and celebrity photos were of them eating their ice cream. Like most Japanese eateries, they display their food menu in the form of plastic models. They offered a normal cone, three to five flavours, and the ice cream tower consisting of eight ice cream tiers. All three of us went for the tower ice cream. Our flavours were also arranged exactly the same in (order here) order. We quickly realized that we were pro enough to know how to enjoy it properly. I rushed eating my ice cream because it was quickly melting on my hands. This wonderful mess ony cost us 490 yen. There was a girl all dressed up that took her time eating with a spoon. We weren't too sure how she were eating it so leisurely.

Nakano Mandrake & Plastic:
We didn't actually go in but these store grabbed our attention. It was on the upper floors. One had red shrines at the entrance and another had a steampunk-y art fixture.

*Sunscreen*
Another store also carried the sunscreen that I was looking for. My friend wanted me to buy two for her but I ended up buying one more for myself. Its a nonstick liquid based sunscreen, very light to the skin. Each cost 1.7k yen and I broke the 5000 yen limit, so I ended up not getting taxed. 

Nakano Sweets Store:
We found this candy store on Nakano Broadway that was selling relatively cheap Japanese sweets. Lots of options from candies, gummies, and kitkats. A lot of them can be found in Canada and most were under 100 yen. My friend decided to splurge on the entire store and bought a full shopping cart worth of sweets, but just one of each and not duplicates. We tried the-price-is-right'ing the cost but failed horribly. I estimated around 9000 yen worth but it ended up costing him 5000 yen. In Canada what he bought would've cost over 100 dollars. 

Coffee:
It was a little bit cloudy that day, perfect weather to stay in and enjoy some drinks. We went to this coffee place that reeks tabacco but had cold brewed coffee. They did not do take out. A cafe nearby seemed promising with their crepe cake display. I ended up getting yogurt Mojito drink that was blended with basil. Didn't taste that good but still pretty unique. We took our beverages up to the second floor and sat on a small round table by the smoking room. Nearby, a guy studying on the wooden table. Seems like he was doing some engineering calculus, very intense. 

As we walked towards the station, we saw this little girl that was eating shaved ice. I don't remember exactly what it was in, could be in a paper cone, but I remembered that my friend made a remarked that it was gonna fall or something. She was flailing it around.

Comiket 2:
It was around noon and it was ofcourse hot as hell. I decided that since we probably won't go back around the time Comiket is happening, we should soak as much of it as possible while we were there. We went back for a second day, but one of my friend opted to go back to our airbnb place. 

This time though we split up. I went to go check out the artist alley once more and my friend decided to enjoy the cosplay circle. I had already forgotten which way we came from by the time of this writing, whether it was back or front. Anyways, the alley was once again insanely packed. The only major difference I noticed was the amount of yuris on sale. I didn't buy anything, but I did found American money on the ground. I then went to the upper floor on the other side of the building to see what was going on up there. There was a ramp going down that I could go out from that overlooks the city. Inside the big hall was a mix of artist alley/tech/musical creations. Some yaoi here and there. Some Touhou here and there. Lots of indie games, indie sounds. Books about programming. No major corporate stuff. 

I also discovered another big buying and selling hall by following the ramp down. This time a lot of corporate stuff. Lots of stuff for sale for map and train junkies. But unfortunately it was already around 4pm and they all had to pack up. It was also the last day of Comiket, I saw a lot of merchants lining up to ship whatever didn't sell back to their respective homes. 

I went up again to find my friend. Waited at the same spot as the day before for him to finish taking pictures. The cicada sound game were strong. People gave no crap about others judging. Lots of people read hardcore doujins in broad daylight, including one that was sitting in front of me. My friend finally came back and he took me inside the cosplay garden. No cosplay circles that day though. But boy some of them really went up close with the lens. The cosplayers changed their poses around every five seconds, pandering to everyone around them. Some even had their friends visiting and posed for them. All these thirsty men just wanted to get somadat. To be honest the cosplay quality was inferior IN COMPARISON to North American cosplays that I've seen. Perhaps the reason was because this wasn't a cosplay or anime convention. Nonetheless it was really fun going around and seeing people. 

Busker:
On the way to the nearest station, we stopped by for this busker performance. He was doing tricks with traffic cones, cards, and cups. Interesting. Very charismatic, energetic, and sweaty guy. The crowd grew larger and larger the longer we stopped. We caught this performance because my friend and I were noticing the super decorated doujin bags that people were carrying. I saw them earlier and each cost about 1000 yen.  

Station Lineup:
Because we didn't walk away to the other station, we were stuck with the crazy crowd. It took us a good hour to even get inside the station. We also didn't notice that there were two lineups, one to get directly inside and one to buy tickets first. My friend was covered since he had Suica with him, but I wasn't. We had to backtrack and wait another maybe 20 mins to get to the ticket machines. We also sort of cut the ticket line. A lot of people seem to be doing it and the people directing the crowd finally noticed and barricated the ticket line so no one else can bud in. Even though there was a massive influx of people inside, the ramen store seem to be nearly empty. Poor ramen store. 

Tokyo Teleport -> Harajuku:
We Tokyo Teleported to Harajuku. I needed a second bagpack to carry all of my souvenirs and other goodies back home. By this time I had already ran out and had to borrow some more money. Same deal as the previous day, we went to Takeshita Dori. We sidestepped to the right and found this store that sold a bunch of typically Harajuku items. Bouncy ball embedded with rubber ducks. Panda. Lots of flashy bags. I wanted to get one but decided against it as it would be a little bit too much. From that stretch of Harajuku I only bought a matte Canadian flag pin. 

We continued onwards until nearing the end. I spotted a nice hatchet-y backpack with Japanese brand. It looks good enough and in the color that I wanted so I bought it. The store was smart enough to price their items in such a way that people need to buy two or more items to be free from tax. 

We walked on the main street now to (intersection) where we spotted a condom shack and a flagship Birkenstock store. The condom shack was awkwardly built on a streetcorner occupying a small triangular piece of a building. Nothing much was inside other than a bunch of couples browsing. 

Birkenstock:



*Harajuku #2*
*Condom Shack*
*Crystal building*
*Birkenstock*

*pin*

*Lining up to go back to the station*
*Insane line up*

*Technology corner*


Tokyo Tower:

Mcd set

Dango Sake
Because I barely aged, the store clerk asked me for my passport to prove that I have aged beyond the legal limit. 





imperative