---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Five"
date:   2016-08-07 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	<h1>
		Day 5
	</h1>
</header>
August 7th:
Monashi Breakfast:
We began the day with breakfast from Monashi. This time I made sure that they won't reject me. I got my ticket and sat in for my meal. Ordered the cutlet and curry. It was good and filling, cutlet was fried nicely and the curry sauce was thick, just how I like it. We then started making our way to Himeji Castle. Got ourselves back to Shin-Osaka to take the bullet train to Himeji. However, instead of using Shin-Imamiya we decided to try the local station which was not under JR, Dobutsuen Mae. We had trouble with one of the machine there. It doesn't let us to select the line that we wanted. A foreign girl tried to help us but she ended up confirming that the machine was busted. We switched to a different machine and it worked perfectly fine.

Himeji:
Himeji station wasn't actually that far from the castle. We walked for about 20 mins, passing by a shopping hall. For some reason the cicada sound was extremely loud over there. According to my language exchange partner, Himeji castle is one of the three preserved castles, real castle, in Japan. 

It looked really pretty even from afar. There was some kind of body of water surrounding the castle area. The castle was also gated. There was a huge field in front of the castle. It cost 1000 yen to enter. People were selling cold drinks by the entrance. Unfortunately for us, there was an extreme heat warning issued for the Kansai area that day. The temperature reached about 44 degrees factoring humidity. There was a little hike to get into the castle. Need to always mind my head when entering a walkway because some are less than 6 feet tall.

Himeji Castle:
As always, we had to take our shoes off before entering any raised wooden platforms in Japan. We also had to carry our shoes because there was no shoe locker there. They gave us little baggies to put our shoes in. The inside wasn't air conditioned but it was way cooler than outside. It felt like a museum for the first few floors. There was a miniature of the city and castle, old preserved armories, and many Japanese styled rooms. There are about seven floors to this castle with each one gradually shrink in size. There was quite a line to get to the next floor due to the amount of tourists. At the very top there was a shrine, my friend made a donation and bowed. The view behind the shrine was also incredible. We were lucky to be able to stand there for some time and take in the breeze and view and also pictures! They converted both stairs going to the final floor to to a leaving only stairs, effectively blocking all sides of the floor. As we were making our way down, we notice that we missed a couple of the trap rooms.

There was a smaller castle or part of the wall (I couldn't really tell) that was under construction at the time. Before the exit was a souvenir shop. I bought a Shiro Maru Hime keychain and a Himeji Boy pin as souvenirs (for myself lol). I was deciding if wooden charm was worth it but ultimately decided against buying it as it would take a lot of luggage space. Prices were marked up compared to the touristy places we've been to. Just outside the gates, across the street was an ice cream vendor. Typical ice cream flavours were present there.
I had black sesame ice cream a handful of times back in Canada but I just had the biggest craving for it at the time. Next to them were a restaurant with a sign encouraging foreigners to eat dishes with raw eggs, claiming that its completely safe. We started making our way back to the station to go to Kobe. 

Alley Way:
Since it was really early, we thought it was a good idea to check out the shopping hall that we passed by. None of the shops really stood out. Our friend just wanted to buy post cards to send back to Canada, so we decided to look for a shop with interesting post cards. Not only that we found one almost immediately, this shop also carries stamps containing Japanese last names. (Hanko)* We looked for our friend's last name, which is dragon in Chinese, but we learned that the character for dragon in Japanese is different than the ones they use in Chinese. We start walking back again. The cicadas were still loud. 

There was a group of people advertising stuff but because we were foreigners they didn't stop to talk to us! *

Kobe:
Building Observatory:
We arrived in Kobe around noon. This was another city that was recommended by my language exchange partner, his hometown. We rode the local train to Sannomiya and walked towards Kobe's city hall building-1. It had a free observatory for public on the 24th floor. It was a nice sunny day and we were able to see the harbour AND the mountain ranges clearly that day. Blessed. On the south side we got the port view while on the north side we got a nice family picture of all the mountains surrounding Kobe. There was a building with 'natural graffiti' installed on one side of the building. It works similar to a sun dial. At certain times of the day, one can clearly see some kind of motive on the building's wall. We couldn't see anything/barely able to see it because it was just a little bit over the time. 

From there, we walked back towards the Sannomiya again to pick out a nice Kobe beef restaurant. We had a lot of choices on one street but we went to a restaurant called Morya. There were actually two Moryas extremely close to each other. We went to the one that didn't kick us out. 

Kobe Beef Restaurant:
We were seated in front of a huge grill. The prices were very steep, perhaps worth it for once in a student's life time experience. We ordered two normal sirloin steak and a Kobe beef steak. It was a two course meal. We were served a really nice pumpkin soup as an appetizer. Sad that it had only two pieces of croutons. Next they served us the steak plate and introduced us to the chef that will be cooking our beef. He doesn't speach much English so we tried our best to communicate in Japanese. The plate came with steak condiments: salt, pepper, and wasabi. The beef were presented in front of us. We were told that we could take a picture of the beef and together with the beef. Our sides were salad with lemon soy sauce and vegetables.

We were advised to go with medium rare (50%). The chef instructed us to put a little bit of each of the condiments for the perfect taste. My sirloin was really soft and it melts really quickly. It wasn't bad but I had no basis of comparison. The salt brought out a lot of the flavour. I only had a little piece of the Kobe beef, it tasted equally as good, very thin and dissolved in my mouth pretty quickly.  
***
Before our bill, they served us cold tea and coffee. Our meal cost about 30000 yen in total, with the normal sirloin costing 7120 each. I had a chat with the server on why the restaurant is Russian named. He told us that morya means sea in Russian and that its fitting name for Kobe.

Kobe Shopping Centre:
We then wandered to a shopping street nearby. We saw an ice block with toys inside, including a Kumamon bear. A lot of people were clawing and scrapping down sides of the ice to get to the toy they want. We walked down that street to find more similar ice blocks. It helps cool people down I guess. Nothing really stood out in regards of the shops. Lots of fast food though. After some walking, we arrived at the side of Kobe's Chinatown. 

Kobe Chinatown:
It was relatively cleaner than most Chinatowns I've been to. Chinese styled architecture. Chinese food. Chinese-Japanese residents advertising their store.

Kobe Port and Mall:
We walked for another 20 mins down to the port towards Kobe tower. Went inside the souvenir shop to grab merchs as per routine. Went over by the bay and took a bunch of pictures. I missed out on recording the ship horn noise three times. We had to wait about 5 mins before my friend were able to take a picture as the Kobe tower using the cardboard cutout. Nearby was another shopping street leading towards the ferris wheel. Most of the shops were very hipster-y-esque. El Bagus. One shirt costs about 10000 yen. I stopped touching everything else in that store shortly after. 

It was an Anpanman celebration day or some sort because statues of Anpanman characters were everywhere. 

Kobe Nada District:
We walked through the residential area from Sumiyoshi station towards the sake district (sakuramasamune.co.jp). Passing by a river before finally arriving there. By that time, most breweries were already closed. There was one open nearby called Sakuraen. It was a Japanese styled building with the modernized interior. They had a liquor licensed restaurant, sake store, and rooms with history and educational programs. But we were here for some sake tasting. We looked up the word for sake tasting and asked the sake store by the entrance where we can do so. She said "right here" and gave us some cups to try the different kinds of sake. We were offered three different kinds of sake, a pretty forgetful one, a spicier one, and brown rice brewed sweet sake. I decided to go safe and get the sweet sake. She was very patient with us with our extremely broken Japanese. I told her keigo is really hard. She also said its hard for Japanese people too. She taught me how to say baked as in baked/seared and not 420 baked. She was describing the baked sweets that you can purchase alongside.

Kobe Sumiyoshi River:
We made our way back, this time through the river. The river was called Sumiyoshi. Lots of people were there to jog and walk their dog. Little kids were seen swimming and catching small ayu fish. The water was refreshing for my feet. It was a really nice walk back to Sumiyoshi station.

Mount Rokko:
It was getting dark, perfect time to go up the mountain and enjoy the city lights. From Sumiyoshi station, we took the train all the way to Rokkomichi Station. There was a bus that took us directly to the cable car station. (Bus number). There was a guy that kept talking to my friends, asking if they were American and bragging about Kobe, all in very broken English. Ok. We paid 210 yen when we were getting off the bus. We stayed back to we don't hold up the line just incase. Sure enough, we had trouble paying in exactly 210 yen. 

The roundtrip up the mountain back cost 1000 yen. Because it was dark, we didn't explore much of the pasture side of the range. We just went up to one of the high points. It was the most memorable view for me from the entire trip. We get city lights from all of Kansai coastline. We were able to see Osaka. We decided to end the night with some dessert from the cafe nearby. They had shiratama matcha shaved ice. My friend had the night's special red wine. Spectacular view, good dessert, and drinks. Good way to end the night! Wrote on the guestbook on the table as we were leaving. Lots of the Asian tourists from Taiwan/HK. Thanks Mt. Rokko!

We took the local train back to our hotel in Osaka. I needed to buy a pen to write down my daily spendings and some laundry detergent. We made a quick stop at the family mart and grabbed everything we need. We also had dinner at our favorite curry place, Monashi.

Tobita Shinchi:
We didn't know that our hotel was conveniently located near or if not in the red light district. Tobita Shinchi, the main reason our hotel was cheap. It was only a five minute walk away from our hotel. It was around 11:30pm. We walked through a shopping hall, saw an old man dressed in sailor uniform (think Sailor Moon) riding a bike. Not too sure what the occassion was for him. We arrived at this fully lit up complex (lit fam, like actually). Low rise two stories building disguised as a restaurant during the day. By night time, they open the first floor door and all the display girls sitting pretty on top of the raised wooden floor. Each "shop" wearing different clothin/outfit. Every building had a pimp granny, trying to sell service by inviting people in. The streets were filled with young guys around our age. Men slow riding around the block browsing. Some grannies knew we were foreigners. Hai douzo, douzo onii chan, rasuto garu. Haite kite, haite mite, asobi~ Hatachi hatachi. We didn't want any trouble so we didn't take any pictures. We hurried out of there. Another nice way to end the night!