---
layout: post
title:  "Japan Day Eleven"
date:   2016-08-13 00:00:00 -0500
categories: japan
---
<header>
	Day 11
</header>
August 13th:
Tsukiji:
We heard the news that Tsukiji was to be relocated by the end of this year (2016). I'm not really interested in the auctioning that goes on really really early in the morning there and it seems that the other two are pretty neutral with it. We ended up hitting Tsukiji late in the morning. We took the train from Shinjuku directly to the station near it. 

The main Tsukiji streets were packed to the brim. It was mix of stores and street vendors selling mainly fresh seafood. Triggered by the freshness smell, I was sure that I didn't want any of the seafood that were on display. We had an amazake tasting from one of the store. And we ended the Tsukiji sightseeing by buying a sweet egg roll from the tamagoyaki store. Everyone passes by that tamagoyaki store. 

Monjayaki:
We certainly needed fuel before Comiket. On the way back to Tsukiji station we decided to hit up a Monjayaki restaurant. Even though I said it was late morning, it was early enough that the stores on the streets were still in the process of opening up for the day. We waited about five minutes for this monja place called () to be opened. All the booths come with a grill and storage benches. The grill actually took up a lot of table space but its still workable.

We ordered beef, chicken, and pork mixtures just to be safe. They had other options like mochi and cheese, or even those two toppings in addition to the normal meat mixtures we ordered. The waitress heats up our grill. Not long after, our batter arrived. She asked us if we know how to make monjayakis. Even though I watched some videos before on how to make one, I had forgotten the exact steps. She prepared our first batter. It was pretty simple. Some chopping, some welling, some waiting. Then delicious gooey monjayaki. Taste wise it was honestly nothing special. She did brought us katsuobushi and nori sprinkles. For dessert, I ordered a vanilla snow ice with birthday sprinkles. That one was good, a little too sweet though. We asked for the bill and she gave us mini jawbreaker candies. 

Comiket:
From ( Station ) we walked across a bridge, through intersections, and finally we arrived at a long curvy road that lead us to the back of Tokyo Big Sight. Along the way we saw some cosplayers, but not too many ala Anime North. I was expecting to see big controlled lineups but saw none of it. We just simpy walked into the convention and started exploring around. We went in from the huge* doujin alley. By huge, I mean like the size of TCC north hall back in Toronto, dedicated just for growing artists creations. Again, barely anyone cosplaying there. 

We went straight to the back to get the Comiket guide. My friend was interested in supporting the convention. He donated 2000 yen and received the 2016 Comiket guide. It was exactly like carrying a phone book. We didn't really have a strategy on how to efficiently traverse artist maze. We just simply snaked around from one end to the other. There was a significant amount of yaois, perhaps it was the theme for the day. I bought a couple of books, pins, and other miscellaneous items. The pins I bought has interesting shapes and texture. I bought a heart shaped pin, something that I haven't seen before though probably exist here somewhere. Textures, one of the pin has a glossy look and full of friction. Another is woven-like. Lots of Touhou related stuff.

We left artist alley to discover that the venue being really big. We walked from the back side to the front side of the convention through an AC-less tunnel-bridge that was full of con-goers. We finally arrived at the cosplay garden which was a fancy name for a cosplaying area. There were people cosplaying in the centre of the walkway as well as inside the cosplaying area. Outside of the cosplaying garden, people actually lined up to take picture. Some had long lineups, others had no lineups at all. I decided to rest by the shade while the two went out to take pictures and soak in the convention spirit. 

They told me that there cosplay circles were real, mostly inside the cosplay garden. People, also note that huge majority of people taking pictures are males of varying ages, surrounded worthy cosplayers and took pictures of them. By surrounded my friend meant as in really up close and super personal. There were no such thing as cosplayer's personal bubble inside the cosplay circles. 

Walk to Odaiba:
After we were done, we walked to Odaiba. Passing by a Comiket J-rave concert near the ferris wheel. The building next to the concert had an auto show. We walked in to check it out, and to also drop the phone book that I had been carrying around for most of the con time. From there, we walked all the way to the centre of Odaiba. We passed by bridges that overlooked the bay area. Pretty! Finally we arrived. There was a giant Gundam statue and ofcourse there was a Gundam cafe nearby. It wouldn't have been complete without it. The area surrounding it was very urban. Lots of families in the area. There was a department store with Nitori closeby, but we didn't check it out.

Diver City: Food Court
We went inside Diver City to first find food. We got to the food court and it was full. Lots of mainly Asian fast food restaurants to choose from, it was difficult. After finding seats for the three of us, we split up to get food. All three of us ended up getting food from the same Yakisoba joint. I ordered a large beef yakisoba with melon soda. It was very filling because they gave us a lot of noodles and sauce. Barely any beef though.

Diver City: Window Shopping
Afterwards, we went to different floors to explore the shops. We passed by a caricature area inside the mall. We were on a mission to find cheap, standard Arizona Birkenstock of size 36 or 37 for our friend since day 2. Unfortunately the ABC Mart there carried none of that size. The Birkenstocks was way cheaper in Japan than in Canada, 8000 yen no tax. We also found Stussy there though the prices seems to be about the same, if not a little pricier. 

There were One Piece pop-up-ish store in the middle of the mall. It was mostly merchandises. They had life size statues that we could take pictures with. The stairs going out from the mall to Tokyo Teleport station was also decorated with One Piece. It seems that One Piece is still very much the top thing in Japan.

Tokyo Teleport -> Harajuku:
We still had time to do more stuff that day. We Tokyo Teleport'ed to Harajuku Station. The station had an old feel to it. Wooden, very westernized. We crossed to the other side to find Takeshita Dori. There was a store selling Fjallraven bags. The mini one costs well over 10000, a heck of a lot more than what I paid for my normal sized one. 

Harajuku: Takeshita Dori
*Shopping Boutiques* 
*Fashion Area but none*
*International brands*
Lots of bright lights on a narrow shopping street. It was crowded as hell. Didn't see any gothic/lolita enthusiasts. I felt that there are lots of Japanese crepe stores there. I was looking forward for some Engrish shirts from Japan and this one store delivered the opposite. Instead of nonsensical English phrases, it was Japanese phrases. The guy manning the store spoke English well and explained to me that 'kuzu' and 'gomi' both means trash in Japanese. Neat. There are other shirts that caught my attention such as this tax evasion one. The store nearby was selling bags and lots of Sumikko Gurashi merchandise. I ended up buying 8 Sumikko Gurashi pins from that store. One store finally carried a moisturizer brand that I've been looking for from the start. Was nice to finally checked that off my list.

We walked from one end to the other end, passing by lots of stores. 

Shibuya Crossing:
Shibuya crossing was huge! We got to see (dog name). I remember seeing a lot of people smoking on the side of the street. Also to add to that a lot of young people and GoPro cams. We saw a live feed of the Shibuya crossing back home and we were actually walking on it.

Shinjuku Batting Cage:
It was around 10pm and everything was still lit around Shinjuku. Walking to the batting cage involved going through some of the said "sketchier" neighbourhood in Tokyo. After walking for 20mins we arrived at the facility. It was right next to a parking space behind an abandoned looking apartment. The entire place was covered in the classic green net. The lobby aka the waiting area was packed with arcade machines. They also sell an equally sketchy cheap ice cream and some wet towels. There were 9 "rooms" varying in difficulty. We tried the 70km/h and 100km/h rooms. Each room costs exactly the same, 300 yen. No safety gears required. Just pick up one of the three bats provided and swing away. I played four rounds myself and it was a lot of fun. I definitely felt the difference going from 70km/h to 100km/h. It was worth the sore arms.

I bought the same 'Otegoro Set' for dinner.